Update documentation (#3)
swiftwasm/swiftwasm-book: src/contribution-guide/continuous-integration.md

# Continuous Integration

We use GitHub Actions to build and run tests continuously.
(But jobs without cache takes 2~3 hours to be completed)

> Currently (2020/10/4), we only run stdlib tests on Linux CI because the job exection time and storage reached the limit of GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently (2020/10/4), we only run stdlib tests on Linux CI because the job execution time and storage reached GitHub Actions limits.
```
